<div    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
        xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
        xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
        xmlns:ice="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/component"
        xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
        xmlns:fb="http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"
        xmlns:og="http://ogp.me/ns#"
        class="mainBox">
        
   <h1 class="mainBoxHeader">Legal Notices</h1>
    <div class="mainScrollBox">
	    <div class="mainTextBox">
		<p align="center"><i>Last Update: September 1st, 2009</i></p>
		
		<p>easyTravel' 
		group of companies ("easyTravel") makes information and products 
		available on this web site, subject to the following terms and conditions. 
		By accessing this site, you agree to these terms and conditions. easyTravel 
		reserves the right to change these terms and conditions, and the products, 
		services, prices, and programs mentioned in this site at any time, at 
		its sole discretion, without notice. easyTravel reserves the right to 
		seek all remedies available by law and in equity for any violation of 
		these terms and conditions. Any rights not expressly granted herein 
		are reserved. <br/></p>
		<p><b>1. 
		Copyright and Trademarks</b></p>
		<p>The information 
		on this web site is protected by copyright. Except as specifically permitted, 
		no portion of this web site may be reproduced or distributed by any 
		means, or in any form, without easyTravel' prior written permission. <br/>
		</p>
		<p><b>COPYRIGHT 
		NOTICE:</b> (c) 2011-2016 Dynatrace LLC - All rights reserved. <br/>
		
		</p>
		<p>Additionally, 
		no trademarks, brand names, product or service names, logos or tags 
		may be reproduced or distributed by any means, or in any form, without 
		easyTravel' prior written consent. <br/></p>
		<p><b>2. 
		Use of Software</b></p>
		<p>The software 
		and accompanying documentation available to download from this web site 
		are the copyrighted work of easyTravel. Use of the software is governed 
		by the terms of the end user license agreement, which accompanies such 
		software. If no license accompanies the download, the terms of the license 
		that accompanied the original product being updated will govern. You 
		will not be able to use, download, or install any software unless you 
		agree to the terms of such end user license agreement. <br/>
		</p>
		<p><b>3. 
		Use of Web Site Information</b></p>
		<p>Except 
		as otherwise indicated on this site, you may view, print, copy, and 
		distribute documents on this site subject to the following terms and 
		conditions:</p>
		<ol type="i">
		  <li>The document 
		  may be used solely for informational, personal, non-commercial purposes; </li>
		  <li>Any copy of 
		  the document or portion thereof must include all copyright and proprietary 
		  notices in the same form and manner as on the original; </li>
		
		  <li>The document 
		  may not be modified in any way; and</li>
		  <li>easyTravel 
		  reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any time, and any 
		  such use shall be discontinued immediately upon notice from easyTravel.</li>
		  <li>Documents 
		  specified above do not include the layout or design of this web site. 
		  Elements of this site are protected by trade dress or other laws and 
		  may not be imitated or reproduced in whole or in part.</li>
		  <li>Documents 
		  specified above do not include logos, graphics, sounds or images on 
		  this web site, which may be reproduced or distributed only when expressly 
		  permitted by easyTravel.</li>
		</ol>
		 <br/>
		<p><b>4. 
		Discl</b><b>aimers 
		AND Liability Limitations</b></p>
		
		<p>EXCEPT 
		AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND easyTravel, 
		ALL INFORMATION AND SOFTWARE ON THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS 
		IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS 
		OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR 
		CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR 
		NON-INFRINGEMENT. <br/></p>
		<p>easyTravel 
		ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE INFORMATION 
		OR SOFTWARE OR OTHER DOCUMENTS WHICH ARE REFERENCED BY OR LINKED TO 
		THIS WEB SITE.</p>
		<p>IN NO 
		EVENT SHALL easyTravel BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT 
		OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING 
		WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM: (1) RELIANCE ON THE MATERIALS 
		PRESENTED, (2) COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, (3) LOSS OF USE, DATA OR 
		PROFITS, (4) DELAYS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, (5) AND ANY THEORY OF 
		LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE 
		OF INFORMATION) WHETHER OR NOT easyTravel HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
		OF SUCH DAMAGES.</p>
		<p>THIS 
		WEB SITE COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER INACCURACIES. CHANGES ARE 
		PERIODICALLY MADE TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. HOWEVER, easyTravel MAKES 
		NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE. <br/></p>
		<p><b>5. 
		Products and Services Availability</b></p>
		<p>This 
		web site can be accessed from countries around the world and may contain 
		references to easyTravel services, programs, and products that have not 
		been announced in your country. These references do not imply that easyTravel 
		intends to announce such services, programs, or products in your country. <br/>
		</p>
		<p><b>6. 
		Submissions</b></p>
		<p>easyTravel 
		does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information through 
		its web site.</p>
		
		<p>Any information 
		sent to easyTravel, with the exception of credit card numbers, will be 
		deemed NOT CONFIDENTIAL. You grant easyTravel an unrestricted, irrevocable 
		license to display, use, modify, perform, reproduce, transmit, and distribute 
		any information you send easyTravel, for any and all commercial and non-commercial 
		purposes.</p>
		<p>You also 
		agree that easyTravel is free to use any ideas, concepts, or techniques 
		that you send easyTravel for any purpose, including, but not limited 
		to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products that incorporate 
		such ideas, concepts, or techniques.</p>
		<p>easyTravel 
		may, but is not obligated to, review or monitor areas on its site where 
		users may transmit or post communications, including bulletin boards, 
		chat rooms, and user forums. easyTravel is not responsible for the accuracy 
		of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements transmitted 
		or posted on bulletin boards, chat rooms, and user forums.</p>
		<p>You are 
		prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this web site any 
		libelous, obscene, defamatory, or other materials that would violate 
		any laws. However, if such communications do occur, easyTravel will have 
		no liability related to the content of any such communications. <br/>
		</p>
		<p><b>7. </b><b>Linking to easyTravel's 
		Web Site</b></p>
		<p>easyTravel 
		permits anyone to link to easyTravel's web site subject to the linker's 
		compliance with the following terms and conditions.</p>
		<p>A site 
		that links to easyTravel' web site:</p>
		<ol type="i">
		
		  <li>May link to, 
		  but not replicate, content contained in easyTravel' site;</li>
		  <li>Must not create 
		  a border environment or browser around content contained in easyTravel' 
		  site;</li>
		  <li>Must not present 
		  misleading or false information about easyTravel's services or products;</li>
		  <li>Must not misrepresent 
		  easyTravel' relationship with the linker;</li>
		  <li>Must not imply 
		  that easyTravel is endorsing or sponsoring the linker or the linker's 
		  services or products;</li>
		  <li>Must not use 
		  easyTravel' logos or trade dress without prior written permission from 
		  easyTravel;</li>
		
		  <li>Must not contain 
		  content that could be construed as obscene, libelous, defamatory, or 
		  inappropriate for all ages;</li>
		  <li>Must not contain 
		  materials that would violate any laws;</li>
		  <li>Must agree 
		  that the link may be removed at any time upon easyTravel' request pursuant 
		  to easyTravel' reserved rights to rescind its consent to allow the link.</li>
		</ol>
		 <br/>
		<p><b>8. 
		Third-party Web Sites</b></p>
		<p>easyTravel's 
		site provides links to third-party web sites, which are not under the 
		control of easyTravel. easyTravel makes no representations about third-party 
		web sites. When you access a non-easyTravel web site, you do so at your 
		own risk. easyTravel is not responsible for the reliability of any data, 
		opinions, advice, or statements made on third-party sites. easyTravel 
		provides these links merely as a convenience. The inclusion of such 
		links does not imply that easyTravel endorses, recommends, or accepts 
		any responsibility for the content of such sites. <br/>
		</p>
		<p><b>9. 
		Third-party Products and Services</b> </p>
		
		<p>The easyTravel 
		web site contains mention of third-party products and services for informational 
		purposes. easyTravel makes no recommendations or endorsements about third-party 
		products and services. References to third-party services and products 
		are provided by easyTravel "as is", without warranty of any 
		kind, either express or implied. <br/></p>
		<p><b>10. 
		Compliance with Laws</b></p>
		<p><b><i>10.1 
		Governing Law and Jurisdiction</i></b></p>
		<p>You agree 
		that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, this web site 
		shall be governed by the laws of Austria. You agree and hereby submit 
		to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Courts in Linz, 
		Austria, with respect to such matters.</p>
		<p>easyTravel 
		makes no representation that information on this web site are appropriate 
		or available for use in all countries, and prohibits accessing materials 
		from territories where contents are illegal. Those who access this site 
		do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with 
		all applicable laws. <br/></p>
		<p><b><i>10.2 
		Export Control Laws</i></b></p>
		<p>Certain 
		easyTravel products, including software, documentation, services, and 
		related technical data, available on the easyTravel and other websites 
		are subject to export controls administered by the United States (including, 
		but not limited to, the U.S. Department of Commerce Export Administration 
		Regulations ("EAR")) and other countries including, controls for 
		re-export under European Union, the Singapore Strategic Goods Control 
		Act, and the import regulations of other countries. Diversion contrary 
		to U.S. or other applicable law of any easyTravel product or service 
		is prohibited. Export, re-export or import of products and services 
		may require action on your behalf prior to purchase and it is your responsibility 
		to comply with all applicable international, national, state, regional 
		and local laws, and regulations, including any import and use restrictions. 
		easyTravel products and services are currently prohibited for export 
		or re-export to any country then subject to U.S. trade sanctions. easyTravel 
		products and services are prohibited for export or re-export to any 
		person or entity named on the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons, 
		Entities and Unverified Lists, the U.S. Department of State's Debarred 
		List, or the U.S. Department of Treasury's lists of Specially Designated 
		Nationals, Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers, or Specially 
		Designated Terrorists. easyTravel products and services are prohibited 
		from use with chemical or biological weapons, sensitive nuclear end-users, 
		or missiles, drones or space launch vehicles capable of delivering such 
		weapons. By downloading or using any product from this site, or purchasing 
		any service, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood 
		this notice and agree to comply with all applicable export control laws. 
		You are also representing that you are not under the control of, located 
		in, or a resident or national of any prohibited country, and are not 
		a prohibited person or entity. This notice is not intended to be a comprehensive 
		summary of the export laws that govern the products and services. It 
		is your responsibility to consult with a legal advisor to ensure compliance 
		with applicable laws. 
		</p>
		</div>
	</div>
</div>